I didn't expect Tianzong to have a level 7 genius
But it's only level 7 and it can't get into my eyes
How is that possible?
This piece of trash is actually standing at the same height as me
This level 7 ladder is nothing more than that
I didn't expect this little seven-step staircase
It actually trapped so many so-called Tianjiao
The bold world has been around for tens of thousands of years
There are all the sect masters
The Wrath Saintess has reached the top of the eighth floor
What are you?
Why are you being shameless here?
Why rely on this ladder
For you mortals
Like Tianqian
And to me it's just a broken staircase
Hahahaha
How can he step up to the eighth step?
Level 9
Level 7
At level 10, he actually reached the top